.i.
ab
abacc
abaid
aband
abann
abbán
abbuig
-ach
Acurón
ád
adarcach
áe
ael
áel
Aengus
aerda
áes side
afost
aibgitir
aicenta
aile
áillecán
aimser
ainm
ainmide
ainmidech
airdircus
airlár
Albanach
amaidecht
-amail
Amergin
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/ammatán
amra
amrae
amrán
ánrata
apaid
ardáili
atam
attá
aurdarcus
bachlach
bachlachda
badbda
báid
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/balbán
banamail
baramail
baránta
barántacht
barántamail
barántas
barún
bás
basc
bechlann
béloides
benagán
bennacht
beóir
bérlaid
blas
blasta
bláthmar
blichtmar
boga
bogatóir
bot
botach
brága
bráithremail
bráthamail
bráthamlacht
brécaire
Bréfne
Breta
Bretanach
Brethnach
Bretnach
Britt
brocc
bruden
bruiden
bus
cach
cáelach
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/cáelas
caittín
calma
cammóc
cana
cantairecht
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/caóc
cara
carait
cartaid
cartóit
casán
cathaige
cathaigecht
ceithern
cellach
cenn
ceól
cét-
cetgabail
cétgabáil
Cethern
cetna
cétna
céttadall
cía
cích
cín
ciúil
ciúnas
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/cláirsech
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/cláirseóir
clann
clíabán
clíamain
cliathaire
cloc
clocach
clocán
cnocán
co
cob
coiced
cóiced
coire
coiste
collaide
colmnat
colubir
comáirem
comalta
comaltas
comgar
comgarach
Conchobar
condaig
corrach
cosán
crannóc
crich
crích
crimthan
cruittirecht
cu
cú
cú allaid
Cúalu
cúan
cuileóc
cuing
cuingid
cungid
cur
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/cúramm
Dagda
daltacht
dam
dana
dano
data
deiligid
deog
deoradach
deoraidecht
derbchomalta
derc
día lúain
diet
ditnid
dobeir
dóen
dóenda
dóendacht
dóendachtach
doicc
dolus
dorchacht
dorchatas
dord
dorus
dotét
drúis
duille
duine
dúr
echall
echlach
ecla
eigre
eigrecht
éirgid
Heriu
Hériu
Ériu
es
fáel
fáelchú
faílenn
failte
fáilte
fásach
femm
fer
ferannus
ferg
fésóc
fésócach
fétaid
fí
fichetmad
finnaid
fis
flann
fonn
for
forbba
fri
fuil
fuinnseóg
gabáil
gabor
gadar
gáel
gáethamlacht
gáethmairecht
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/galldacht
géilsine
géilsinecht
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/gelach
gerán
gerb
gerr
gerraid
gíallacht
gíallnus
gilla
gillacht
gillaighecht
gillán
gillanrad
gillarad
gláede
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/glasrad
gliccus
grend
gríanach
grís
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/grúac
grús
grutt
gúal
gúala
gúalach
gúalaire
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/íaltóc
íarthar
ilar
ímáig
immalle
immallé
immdích
immorro
immurgu
in tan
in tan sin
ingenach
ingenas
ithid
lagdaigid
Laigin
lan
lán
-lann
láp
léigint
lem
lemán
lenbán
lenmaidecht
lennán
lennánacht
lías
líathaid
líathróit
lipting
literda
literdacht
longphort
longportach
lúaith
lúan
mac
maccoím
madrad
maide
maigden
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/maigdenas
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/maithemnas
mallacht
maní
marbnad
matad
mathgamain
mebair
medb
Medb
méin
memm
metrapolitan
míadamlacht
mían
míanach
míanaige
Mide
midlach
midlachas
midlaigecht
mital
mnáamail
mochtráth
mómint
Mórrígan
mucc
muide
náma
neimní
nem-
nephní
ni
ní
no-
nóedenán
nóin
nómad
Northmann
nósmar
núa
o
ó
oc
ócán
occoras
ocus
oen
óen
ógacht
ógán
ógánta
oíbinnius
oíbnius
oisén
oisín
orlár
ósta
persa
persanda
peta
petta
pían
pipur
pósad
pósaid
préchán
prém
prep
prím
prímdacht
prinnsa
prísún
prísúnach
recht
reithine
reithinech
reód
rétlu
rí
ríam
rígad
rígan
rígdacht
rímid
rós
sabdán
sacartacht
sacerdóite
sádaile
saegulrad
saegulta
saigetbolc
saigtech
saigteóir
saigteóracht
sailltecht
saírse
saírsecht
sanusach
Saxa
Saxain
Saxanach
scáeth
scam
sceng
scíathach
scíathaire
scíathrach
scóaire
scréchach
scréchaid
screptra
scríbnaigid
scríbneóir
scúap
secht
sechtmad
sein
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/seise
seised
seissed
semar
senén
séolaid
sessed
sibal
siblaid
sicc
sídach
side
sin
sinchán
sindsirrdacht
sínid
sinsirecht
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/slicén
slige
slis
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/sliseóc
slúagh
snáid
socamail
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/soiléir
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/soiscél
solus
solusta
solustacht
sonus
spled
tadall
tairnge
tan
tarsna
tech talman
techt
téit
tellach
tigerna
tigernas
tinne
tolg
tre
treise
tríchatmad
Reconstruction:Middle Irish/trímad
tromaigid
tromdacht
túathach
úachtarán
úag
úar
úathbás
uile
Ulaid
urlar
urlár
