afterthinsan
aftir
aginnan
al
also
alt
ambahtman
anafallan
anafan
anafehtan
anafindan
anagan
ananeman
anasian
anasprecan
anastotan
ande
ando
andon
antbidan
antbindan
antfan
antfliegan
antgan
antgeldan
antlatan
antlucan
antquethan
antrinnan
antstan
anttian
antwican
antworden
appoldro
ardon
arm
armo
arnon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/ars
aton
avacuman
avagan
avaneman
avaslan
avastan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/baco
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/balco
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/bar
baron
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/baron
bathon
bedon
behalvo
beke
beki
belgan
ben
beran
berg
bergan
bethiu
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/bevar
bi
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/bia
bicuman
bidan
bidden
bidriegan
biedan
bifan
bifelan
bifindan
bigan
bigian
biginnan
biglidan
bigravan
bigripan
bihaldan
bihelan
bihouwan
bilithen
bilivan
bilucan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/bindan
bineman
biradan
birinnan
bisian
bisitten
bislidan
bisnithan
bisprecan
bistan
bisweren
biswican
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/bitan
bithervi
bithwingan
biwaldan
biwellan
biwerpan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/blican
blindo
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/blint
blithen
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/blithi
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/bliuwan
blivan
bluoien
bluot
bodo
bogen
bogo
bom
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/bona
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/bort
bosi
bradan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/brado
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/brecan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/bred
breiden
brennen
brestan
bringan
brinnan
brudigomo
brugga
brunno
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/bruoc
buc
budilio
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/bugan
burg
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/burstil
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/busc
calf
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/casto
clagon
cleini
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/clievan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/climban
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/clingan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/clivan
clivon
cnapo
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/cnio
copon
coron
craft
craien
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/crampo
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/crano
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/crigan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/crimpan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/criscan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/critan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/crudan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/crupan
cuman
cunden
cundo
cunnan
cunt
cuo
dag
dal
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/delvan
dier
diuri
dodo
dopen
dot
dragan
dragon
dran
drenken
drepan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/driegan
driepan
drincan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/dritan
drivan
droppon
druftin
druhtin
druoven
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/ducan
dugan
duomen
duon
durran
duva
dwelan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/dwinan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/ecorno
einis
emiceio
enden
endi
enon
er
era
eresloch
ertha
etan
ethili
facon
fadar
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/falco
fallan
fan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/fano
faran
farbergan
farbrestan
farbrinnan
fardervan
fardrincan
fardrivan
farfaran
farfehtan
fargan
fargeldan
fargetan
farhelan
farkiesan
farlatan
farlian
farliesan
farlithan
farmithan
farneman
farnietan
farplegan
farradan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/farro
farsacan
farsian
farsinnan
farskeithan
farslitan
farstan
farstotan
farswelgan
farswindan
farthrietan
farwatan
farwellan
farwerden
farwerpan
farwerthan
farwinnan
farwitan
fehtan
felisa
felt
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/feni
findan
fingar
firon
fisc
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/flehtan
flesc
flian
fliegan
flietan
flitan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/flo
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/fniesan
fogal
folc
folgon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/folo
forathian
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/forno
fort
fragon
fremithi
fremmen
fri
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/friesan
fritho
frithu
fruo
fuogen
fuot
fur
furi
fus
galico
gan
ganipi
gardo
gebet
gedan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/gefadero
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/geit
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/geldan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/gelo
gemanohfaldon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/ger
gero
geron
gerwen
gevan
gi
gi-
gian
gibergan
gibiedan
gibosi
gibrestan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/gidelo
gietan
gifindan
gigripan
gikiesan
gilic
gilico
gilithan
gilovo
gimanagfaldon
ginatha
ginietan
girinnan
gisinnan
giskinan
gistervan
gistigan
githanco
githian
githingo
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/gitian
gitriuwi
giwerthan
giwinnan
giwisso
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/glidan
golda
golt
got
gravan
gravo
grawon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/grinan
gripan
grot
grunt
gruoien
gruoni
guot
gurden
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/hagal
haldan
halton
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/hano
hant
har
haralem
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/harmo
hart
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/haso
haton
hebben
heffen
heil
heileginlo
heilig
heiligo
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/helan
helpan
hem
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/heritogo
herla
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/hermilo
herro
herta
hetan
hie
hiera
himil
hinanwerpan
hinanwican
hirut
hit
hiudo
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/hof
holt
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/honen
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/honi
hopon
horcon
horo
houwan
hovit
hulpere
hunt
huo
huoden
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/huova
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/hupi
hus
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/igil
ik
io
irbelgan
irskellan
irskinan
irwervan
jar
judo
jugithen
jungiro
keiser
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/kempo
kennen
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/kervan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/kiesan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/kinan
kint
kirica
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/kiuwan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/kruci
krucigon
kuning
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/kuol
lant
latan
lathon
lavon
leccon
leggen
leiden
leido
lenen
leppa
lera
leren
lernon
lesan
lesken
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/levara
lian
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/lian
licon
liegan
lieht
liehtfat
liggen
lithan
liut
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/lo
loccon
logon
lopan
lovon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/lucan
ludon
luoien
macon
magith
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/mago
mahalon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/malsc
malthon
man
mano
manon
mari
marsna
martilon
maton
medemolaca
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/medu
menden
menen
mennisco
merken
metan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/migan
mikil
mildi
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/milta
min
minnon
misken
mit
mithan
morth
mugan
munt
muoder
muotan
muothen
muothi
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/mus
naht
naken
namo
naruthi
neigen
neman
nenden
niedon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/niesan
nietan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/nigan
nistilon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/nitan
nithen
nither
nitherscuvan
nitherstigan
nitherwerpan
niumaga
niuwi
niwanne
noh
nu
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/nutu
-o
of
oga
ogen
opanon
ora
oroscoth
osso
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/ottar
overlithan
overspringan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/pipan
plagon
planton
plegan
predicon
quedden
quethan
quicken
radan
raston
ravan
regan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/reganon
reht
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/reiken
reinen
reini
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/reken
respen
ridan
riecan
riki
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/rinan
ring
rinnan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/risan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/ritan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/riuwan
rot
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/rucan
ruoken
ruopan
safti
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/salt
salvon
samanon
samen
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/sant
scagha
scamon
scap
scapon
scathon
sconi
scoronlo
scouwon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/scrian
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/scrithan
scrivan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/scrodan
scudden
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/sculdero
scunden
scurgen
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/scuvan
seganon
sela
selvo
senden
seo
sia
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/sian
sian
siecon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/siethan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/sigan
sin
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/sincan
singan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/sinnan
sitten
siu
skeinen
skeithan
skeldan
skellan
skenken
skeppen
skeran
skerpen
skietan
skilt
skinan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/skirmen
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/skitan
skiuwen
slan
slango
slapan
slappon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/slidan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/slipan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/slitan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/slumen
slupan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/slutan
smal
smecken
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/smeltan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/smelten
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/smitan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/smith
smithon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/smugan
sneo
snithan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/sniwan
so
sorgon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/spellon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/spinnan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/spiwan
sprecan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/springan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/sprutan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/stampon
stan
stat
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/stecan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/stelan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/stempen
sten
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/sterken
stervan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/sticken
stier
stigan
stilli
stincan
stotan
strata
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/strecken
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/strican
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/stridan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/strivan
stuol
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/stuvan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/sucan
suert
sugan
sulan
sunna
suoken
suoti
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/supan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/swelgan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/swellan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/sweltan
sweren
swert
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/swican
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/swimman
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/swindan
tant
tellen
teman
tesamanebindan
tesamanethwingan
teslitan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/tewerpan
tha
than
thancon
thar
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/tharm
tharvon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/thas
that
thecken
thenken
thennen
these
thian
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/thicki
thie
thienon
thin
thing
thinsan
thio
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/thiudisc
tholon
thorp
thradi
thraien
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/threscan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/thringan
thu
thunken
thuro
thurolithan
thurostrican
thurvan
thusunt
thwan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/thwingan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/tian
tian
tilon
togen
tredan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/triuwi
trosten
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/tumon
tunga
uilo
umbe
umbigripan
under
underthringan
underwindan
unreini
unsuoti
untes
up
upstigan
ut
utgietan
utgitian
utthinsan
uuie
vogal
wacon
waden
waien
wala
waldan
wallan
walt
wanda
wanen
wanne
wardon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/warnon
wascan
wassan
wat
watar
wecken
weg
wegen
weithinon
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/wellan
wellen
wenden
wenon
wernon
werpan
werthan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/wervan
wesan
wesepa
wevan
wi
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/wican
wie
wien
wildi
willen
win
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/windan
wini
winnan
winter
wirken
wis
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/wisken
wislico
witan
witherdrivan
witherkiesan
witherstridan
wonon
wort
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/wringan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/writan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/wrivan
Reconstruction:Old Dutch/wulf
wuopan
wuosti
ᚨᚾᚾ
